Nikki what do you mean she's gone baby
we ought to be home with your family
she's alright she's fine my baby I've
been telling them for years you gotta
figure out what you want to do with mom
when the time comes because we all know
why this thing works I'm sorry
out of the am often you got family you
got girls you got a husband you're here
plenty she was trying to go home
she thinks she's still a little girl she
can't figure out why she's stuck here
who's that all what is there no that is
he's my boyfriend
see you got an idea what I got going on
here I get to pick up mom pops
dry-cleaning taking the church
grandma drink the holy water know this
she sighed read and I'm not putting your
mother in a nursing home and you
you know everyone thinks being alone is
so bad potatoes lonely looking over at
the man you've been married to for the
last 20 years and thinking he must be
feeling the same way I am love is
commitment I don't have what you have
oh no that's the other honor
his name's Nick two choices me
I got my life savings dumped it in this
place you're a bartender bar owner dad
[Music]
you know I'm gonna have a baby did you
know this dad I heard we saved all your
old baby clothes just gonna forget
everything the better or worse sickness
and health that do you part
that is the promise she's my girl
you can't take my girl away from me
what happened according life of any life
happened quitting
[Music]